Add docs on aws-hosted-cp temlate (#124)
Mirantis/hmc: docs/aws/hosted-control-plane.md

# Hosted control plane (k0smotron) deployment

## Prerequisites

-   Management Kubernetes cluster (v1.28+) deployed on AWS with HMC installed on it
-   Default storage class configured on the management cluster
-   VPC id for the worker nodes
-   Subnet ID which will be used along with AZ information
-   AMI id which will be used to deploy worker nodes

> Keep in mind that all control plane components for all workload clusters will reside

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that all control plane components for all managed clusters will reside
```

in the management cluster.

## Networking

> Networking AWS resources needed for a workload cluster could be reused with a management cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The networking AWS resources created for a management cluster can be reused with a managed cluster.
```

> If you deployed your AWS kubernetes cluster using HMC you can get all the data needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you deployed your AWS Kubernetes cluster using Cluster API Provider AWS (CAPA), you can obtain all the necessary data
```

> with commands below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the commands below:
```

**VPC ID**

```bash
    kubectl get awscluster <cluster name> -o json | jq -r '.spec.network.vpc.id'
```

**Subnet ID**

```bash

>     kubectl get awscluster <cluster name> -o json | jq -r '.spec.network.subnets[0].resourceID'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl get awscluster <cluster name> -o go-template='{{.spec.network.vpc.id}}'
```

```

**Availability zone**

```bash

>     kubectl get awscluster <cluster name> -o json | jq -r '.spec.network.subnets[0].availabilityZone'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl get awscluster <cluster name> -o go-template='{{(index .spec.network.subnets 0).availabilityZone}}'
```

```

**Security group**
```bash

>     kubectl get awscluster <cluster name> -o json | jq -r '.status.networkStatus.securityGroups.node.id'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl get awscluster <cluster name> -o go-template='{{.status.networkStatus.securityGroups.node.id}}'
```

```

**AMI id**

```bash

>     kubectl get awsmachinetemplate <cluster name>-worker-mt -o json | jq -r '.spec.template.spec.ami.id'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl get awsmachinetemplate <cluster name>-worker-mt -o go-template='{{.spec.template.spec.ami.id}}'
```

```

> If you want to use different VPCs/regions for you management or workload clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use different VPCs/regions for you management and managed clusters
```

you should setup additional connectivity rules like [VPC peering](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/building-scalable-secure-multi-vpc-network-infrastructure/vpc-peering.html).

## HMC Deployment manifest

> With all required data you can build `Deployment` manifest which can looks something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With all the collected data your `Deployment` manifest will look similar
```

> like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to this:
```

```yaml
    apiVersion: hmc.mirantis.com/v1alpha1
    kind: Deployment
    metadata:
      name: aws-hosted-cp
    spec:
      template: aws-hosted-cp
      config:
        vpcID: vpc-0a000000000000000
        region: us-west-1
        publicIP: true
        subnets:
          - id: subnet-0aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
            availabilityZone: us-west-1b
        amiID: ami-0bfffffffffffffff
        instanceType: t3.medium
        securityGroupIDs:
          - sg-0e000000000000000
```

> *Note: in this example we're using us-west-1 region, but you should use region of your VPC*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: in this example we're using the `us-west-1` region, but you should use the region of your VPC*
```

> This yaml then could be applied as usual with `kubectl apply` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
